Add more intuitive explanation and blackbox (#23)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zk-contribution-program: MODULE_4.md

- [**QAP by Maurizio Binello**](https://www.zeroknowledgeblog.com/index.php/the-pinocchio-protocol/qap) - A continuation of Maurizio Binello's blog series.
- [**Quadratic Arithmetic Programs: from Zero to Hero**](https://medium.com/@VitalikButerin/quadratic-arithmetic-programs-from-zero-to-hero-f6d558cea649) - Vitalik Buterin's article on getting to a QAP representation. Feel free to start from the "R1CS to QAP" section.

## 2. Proof Systems

Two common proof systems you should know about are Groth16 and PLONK. They are significant improvements over the Pinocchio proving system. Here is a very brief [overview](https://docs.gnark.consensys.net/Concepts/schemes_curves) of the two and their tradeoffs.

### 2.1 Groth16

The efficiency of Groth16 is very hard to beat, and as such it has become a de-facto standard in many blockchain technologies that require an efficient proof system. However, the requirement of a circuit-specific trusted setup is a significant downside for some use-cases.

> We may skip the detail of Groth16 but to keep in mind that the advantage is Groth 16 has small proof size. The disadvantage is that it requires a circuit specific trusted setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We may skip the details of Groth16 but just keep in mind that the advantage is its small proof size. The disadvantage is that it requires a circuit specific trusted setup. These days, we have much more advanced proof systems that improve upon these trade-offs. Nevertheless, Groth16 continues to be used in a lot of existing projects.
```

We should let people know that Groth16 is no longer the go-to proof system.
